---
permalink: /terms/
title: "Terms and Privacy Policy"
toc: true
---

# SparkFun assumes the following responsibilities:

1)  Protecting all data generated by and provided to us by our users from being stolen, compromised, or used in violation with this policy.
1)  Never selling user-provided and user-generated data for financial gain or competitive advantage.
1)  Providing transparency for our users into what data we collect and what we do with it including what access third parties have to user data and for what purpose.
1) Informing users if their data is compromised, either by failure to protect data or by order to surrender data to a legal authority, to the fullest extent we are lawfully able.

# What We Know About You

If you register an account with SparkFun, we’ll have access to your e-mail address and any additional contact information you choose to provide us. If you place an order, we retain a record of the contents of the order, delivery and billing address information, and any communication you might have with our customer support team about the order. If you use features such as commenting, in-stock notifications, and comment reply notifications, we retain record of this fact.

If you browse sparkfun.com, with or without a login, we know for a limited time that a user at your IP address has visited pages on the site.

We collect data on what products and content you browse in order to offer better value to you through personalized email, and to see which products/content are the most useful to you.

## Cookies, Tags, Tracking Pixels, and HTTPS

We use cookies, tags, and tracking pixels to know when users are logged in to SparkFun services and to track preferences such as display currencies and the rendering of product menus.

Our analytics software, Google Marketing Platform and CrazyEgg, use tags/tracking pixels to help keep track of how many unique visitors we’re getting, where they come from, and how they navigate our site, unless you’re browsing with Do Not Track enabled. We use this information to inform site improvements.

We do our best to serve all content securely over HTTPS.

## Analytics

SparkFun uses Google Marketing Platform, HubSpot, Facebook, and CrazyEgg to track aggregate behavior of visitors on sparkfun.com.

Google Universal Analytics is a service hosted on Google’s servers, and is our primary analytics tool. It is activated by a JavaScript snippet that loads on every page to send visitor behavioral information to Google. SparkFun uses this information to understand how visitors use our site. Sometimes SparkFun will run A/B tests, where Google Analytics will track cookies set on users to divide them into groups that get slightly different pages to see which perform better. Visitors who have Do Not Track enabled will not have any information sent to Google’s servers for use in analytics.

SparkFun also utilizes Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. This means we combine personally identifiable information about your SparkFun account, browsing, and shopping habits and merge it with Google's tracking cookies, all of which goes to Google. This is enabled by default for all visitors to SparkFun.com. You can opt out of this by enabling Do Not Track headers in your browser or installing and enabling the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on.

## Social Media

We maintain accounts on various social media platforms, including Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Flickr, GitHub, YouTube, Ello, Instagram, TikTok, and Tumblr. While some of these platforms are themselves invasive of user privacy, we will do our best to apply the principles outlined in the rest of this policy to our use of social media.

We do not make use of third-party social media badges or widgets which function as trackers.

# Questions?

If you have any questions or feedback regarding this privacy policy, including if you feel SparkFun or someone within the SparkFun community has violated it, or if you are concerned about SparkFun's general philosophy toward user privacy, please contact us at support@sparkfun.com.